what is going on WWE fans it is Monday
and you know what time it is raw review
for January 28 2013 following up the
Royal Rumble that we had last night and
they kick off that we it was a robbery
let special so there'll be spinning of
the wheels by vickie guerrero she would
spin the wheel in the first matchup
announced up from the wheel would be
Antonio Cesaro the United States
Champion taking on Randy Orton in a
special guest referees matchup but after
that was announced Punk with storm out
complaining like I would expect he's
saying that the rock was handed this
title opportunity which he really was
punk was bringing out some pretty good
points and we'd find out that Paul
Heyman would be receiving a performance
review and possibly being fired later on
tonight and raw and it was a pretty good
promo bye punky always puts on good
promos i'll give it v+ then some
wrestling action we would see randy
orton vs antonio cesaro with the miz a
special guest referee surprised they're
not really we jumped into the match at
commercial i don't like how we just
jumped into it out of nowhere randy was
in control early there's a lot of
uppercuts going on in the middle of this
matchup Miz was being fair for a time
being but then Cesaro put his hands on
the Miz the Miz got pissed and then
Cesaro was distracted which caused an
RKO from Randy Orton and then after the
one two three count them is would give
Cesaro the skull-crushing finale
basically telling us that this feud will
prolong and it was a decent average
matchup i'll give us t plus so then we
would see Ryback get his chance at the
wheel and it would land on make me laugh
prime time players would join ride back
in the ring and basically Ryback would
just destroy titus O'Neil and then he
would attack Matt Striker very pointless
segment that I'll give a d-minus just
because the prime time players put in a
funny joke there and then we see Wade
Barrett spin the wheel here we get
choose your Challenger now I tweeted
before this matchup actually happened
that he would challenge Bo Dallas and
that he did obviously I think Bo Dallas
is getting this big push because he did
end up defeating Wade Barrett off a body
slam and it
an average matchup I didn't expect bo
Dallas to win but obviously we're going
to be seen maybe this feud prolong and
maybe Bo Dallas will get his chance on
Wednesdays main event as they're having
an intercontinental cup so that matchup
a bow and Wade I will give a see as Bo
Dallas comes out victorious over the
Intercontinental Champion so that Cody
road would spin the wheel and he would
end up getting into a match against John
Cena's basically a squash match up as
Cody Rhodes tried to escape but he
couldn't and John Cena would end up
giving the AAA to Cody and that matchup
was the D but then this would then lead
us into Cena choosing what title he
would go after and it was pretty boring
seen it was not that great on the mic
tonight but we and they were trying to
build suspense but we all knew Cena was
going to choose the WWE title and the
rock and that he did the shield then
though would end up coming out to attack
which was pretty cool Sheamus would end
up helping trying to help Cena that is
insane with Ryback but the shield and
the cleaning house as they ended up
squad defeating the 33 arguably of the
biggest superstars in WWE today in a
segment that was all right Cena kind of
made it a little boring this tonight and
I'll get a C and this maybe could lead
us to an elimination chamber match up
with the shield vs. these three mark my
words here you heard it here first at
WWE at home to a 9th channel so then we
would see Brodus and 10th I get a chance
at the wheel it would first say a pillow
fight ten times walk away all pissed off
but then it be changed into a dance-off
tense i was wearing lingerie was kind of
funny and the dance-off produce one d
minus i mean i don't want to see this i
want to be wrestling on Monday Night Raw
that's why we want to watch Ross so then
we would see a body slam challenge World
Heavyweight Champion Alberto Del Rio
taking on former World Heavyweight
Champion The Big Show they show a
knockout del Rio basically just turned
this into a repeat not really repeat but
getting revenge i went out REO did the
big show last night and Big Show was the
one giving it to Del Rio basically
kicking his ass and Ricardo I was kind
of hoping for a Mark Henry return here
maybe return Mark Henry as a face
because he was feuding with Big Show and
I think it would be a great opportunity
for WWE to return somebody on Raw
tonight I thought that would've been a
great spot to put in Mark Henry but they
didn't and it was very pointless segment
I'm just gonna give it half because it
was boring and it was just pointless so
easy lumber Jill's matchup Tamina vs the
Divas Champion Kaitlyn there was nothing
really going on and then all girls ruin
the matchup and stay stone of the ring
it was just an all-out girls brawl an F
pointless no finish to the matchup so
there will be no wonder there then we'd
see a promo the new WWE Champion the
rock would come he's finally back in Los
aunt Las Vegas my bad and he was
basically talking about how much this
title means to him bashing Heyman and
punk and then CM Punk would come out cut
a great promo but the rock and CM Punk
they the two of the best in the Mike in
my opinion in the history of WWE WWF
it's great to watch them and punk
demands the rematch Elimination Chamber
and The Rock says you got a jack and so
awesome promo by both these guys I'll
give it an a so then we see a Damien
Sandow and Sheamus tables match up as
that's what the wheel landed on in my
opinion it was not that good of a tables
match of a lot more candles very boring
standout basically dominated but Sheamus
ends up pulling up the victory as he put
a white noise through the table that was
in the corner of the ring and like I
said it was kind of boring I'll give a
c-minus so then there would be this WWE
karaoke segment with that rider Collie
and the three MV absolutely terrible
waste of my time I'll given
enough then finally y2j would return to
raw and we would see Dolph Ziggler
interrupt and this would they'd spend
the will and get land on strange
bedfellows which would end up leading
team hell no vs why tuesday y2j and
Ziggler and a pretty awesome funny and
entertaining matchup that i'll give an
a-minus with this whole segment of
Jericho returning and the matchup itself
as boobity team hell no as king would
give the choke slam to Dolph Ziggler's
Jericho would slap Kane when King wasn't
looking and that would frustrate Kane as
he choke slam Dolph Ziggler so then
finally with the end Monday Night Raw
would be Paul Heyman's evaluation before
that actually trish stratus was
announced
w hall of fame class of 2013
well-deserved congratulations trish
stratus arguably the best diva of all
time and then he was about to get fired
then we heard Brock Lesnar's music WWE
on Twitter kind of spoiled it because I
saw a picture of Brock Lesnar and I was
kind of pissed that they spoil it but
it's still awesome to see Brock Lesnar
returned regardless but I was very
surprised of how it raw ended he was get
the f5 to Vince McMahon pretty awesome
way to end a piss-poor raw ever since
the rock and CM Punk came in on Raw
that's where raw really got good before
that it was a pointless raw so if you're
going to include Oliver all the ending
of raw was awesome but if I'm going to
include the beginning of raw I'm going
to give raw tonight a c-minus maybe a
d-plus it's either it's between those
two um just because of the fact that raw
the beginning of the show was terrible
Brock Lesnar CM Punk the rock and y2j
save raw tonight on january twenty 8
2013 so comment below of what you
thought of tonight's raw I want to hear
what you guys think about Lesnar
returning and y 2 j's in-ring
competitiveness with Dolph Ziggler like
and subscribe to my channel follow me on
Twitter and take it easy